[DOCS]: replace `instance_has_master` with `master_is_stable` (#87799)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/health/health.asciidoc

    components are:
+
--
  `master_is_stable`::
      (Component `cluster_coordination`) Reports health issues regarding
      the stability of the node that's seen as the master by the node handling

>       the health request. In case of enough subsequent observed master changes

Reviewer: I don't think the word `subsequent` is needed here, and it makes the sentence confusing -- subsequent to what?

Author: Would `consecutive` be better? (there's a time element to it)
If we remove `subsequent` it becomes 
```
In case of enough observed master changes
```
which could be interpreted as changes during the lifetime of a deployment (?)

>       the health request. In case of enough subsequent observed master changes

Author: ```suggestion
      the health request. In case of enough observed master changes in a short period of time
```
